1) What brand of golf ball does George pull out of the whale's blow hole?
 Srixon
 Callaway
 Nike
 Titleist

In this episode Kramer was hitting golf balls into the ocean. Later George is on the beach with his date and someone calls out for a marine biologist as there is a whale struggling in the shallows. George had lied to his date, saying that he is a marine biologist. He has no choice but to go into the water and try to save the whale. He eventually pulls out a golf ball from the whale's blow hole - a Titleist which is the brand of gold balls Kramer had been hitting in the ocean. The ensuing story that is told to the group from George is a classic "Seinfeld" moment which Jerry himself has said is his favourite scene from the whole series.

2) Who or what is called "Golden Boy"?
Jerry's T-shirt
The sick boy that Kramer wants to help escape from the hospital
Jerry - his mother's pet name for him
The boy that beats George in a game of Trivial Pursuit

Jerry talks about his favourite yellow t-shirt with Elaine which he calls "Golden Boy". It is "dying" because it is so old and at the end of the episode he tells Elaine that it didn't make the final wash cycle. It has been replaced by his son, "Baby Blue".

3) What conversation is had between George and Jerry in the pilot episode and 'The Finale'?

 The buttons on George's shirt
 How many dates are you obligated to break off a relationship in person
 Where the best toilet in New York is located
 What is the opposite of eating tuna

In the pilot episode Jerry mentions how the position of the second button on George's shirt is in the wrong place and how the second button 'makes or breaks' a shirt. In the final episode, while in jail, Jerry makes the same observation and comment to George which makes George ask if they've had the same conversation before.

4) What is the name of Elaine's boyfriend whom she wants to change his name because it is the same as a serial killer?

 Ted Bundy
 Joel Rifkin
 Samuel Little
 Jeffrey Dahmer

In 'The Masseuse', Elaine is embarrassed because her boyfriend shares his name with a real life serial killer. As with a lot of Elaine's boyfriends, they argue over changing his name and it comes to a head at a baseball game. They split up.

5) What are the names of the hostile male couple that confront Kramer in 'The Soup Nazi'?

 Bill and Ray
 Bob and Ray
 Bob and Cedric
 Bill and Cedric

This couple actually accost Kramer in several episodes - 'The Soup Nazi', 'The Sponge', and 'The Puerto Rico Day'. In 'The Soup Nazi' they confront Kramer and steal Elaine's armoire that Kramer is guarding for her. In 'The Soup Nazi', one of the couple is referred to as Ray, but in 'The Sponge' episode he is referred to as Cedric.

6) What is Newman's first name?

 Norman
 No one knows
 Bob
 Wayne

Newman's name is never mentioned in the 'Seinfeld' series. In one episode an actress calls him 'Norman', but only because she read the script wrong and the director thought it was funny and left it in.

7) Who gives Jerry the astronaut pen?

 Kenny Bania
 Crazy Joe Devola
 Uncle Leo
 Jack Klompus

While visiting his parents in Florida, their neighbour, Jack Klompus comes into their home and Jerry remarks about his pen. Jack claims it is an astronaut pen as it writes upside down. Jerry is fascinated and Jack offers to him. After several refusals, Jerry accepts it much to the chagrin of his parents.

8) What is Tim Whately's profession?

 Conductor
 Dentist
 Soup store owner
 Car salesman

He is a dentist who appears in many episodes. He causes Jerry a lot of grief - converting to Judaism for the jokes, re-gifting a label maker, and having 'Penthouse' magazines in his office waiting room to name a few.

9) Jerry convinces Babu to change his failing restaurant to what type of restaurant?

 International
 Indian
 Pakistani
 Dreamy Cafe

Jerry gave Babu troubles at every turn. He opens his 'Dreamy Cafe' near Jerry's apartment but doesn't do well. Jerry suggests to change the menu and style to that of his homeland - Pakistan. That results in no customers at all and culminates in Jerry coming in for a meal and Babu treating him very badly because of his anger which Jerry cannot understand.

10) What is the name of the baseball player that Elaine dates?

 Fred Lynn
 Keith Hernandez
 Bert Blyleven
 Rich Gossage

Keith plays himself in the two-part episode 'The Boyfriend'. Jerry develops a boy crush on Keith but stops the relationship when Keith asks him to help him move his furniture to a new home which Jerry thinks is too early in the relationship. After a JFK inspired moment with Kramer and Newman, they agree to help Keith move.